hey everybody it's saster super pleased
to have Aaron Levy co-founder and Co of
box back with us on our series what's
new at box so we are going to talk use
about half of our 20 or 30 minutes on
what's new at box not only is Aaron one
of the most inspirational Founders and
seos at saster but it's been fun to have
him part of our journey he was our
kickoff speaker at the first saster
annual one week after Box's IPO watch
this video which for some reason is in
4x3 pre VGA format but it's so funny on
YouTube I remember the first question
was do you think the public markets are
are understanding SASS and Aaron's
questions when they're getting there we
may we may have Boomerang back to that
place in 2023 they may be confused about
SAS again which we'll chat about right
or or maybe the valley was confused
actually so uh Valley was confused right
we'll see who got it right I don't know
but it is it's so great to have you here
and I do want to talk about what's new
but maybe before we get there I was
putting together these just simple
questions and I realized it's like
almost 20 years as the SE founder when
did you get started can we round down
instead of up in these we can round down
if you like 18 feel like you've just hit
maturity adulthood it's a little over 15
years is it really only 15 okay no well
I mean it's it's 18 but but I want to
round down like we should round down to
the nearest to the nearest five in all
situations yeah and how do you and I'll
tell you one thing I've watched the last
18 months is lot of folks that we
know uh are quietly retiring and they
may they may be 80 they may be they're
not 30 if we've known them for a long
time but a lot of folks we've worked
with in SAS over the years are tearing
back right and how do you how do you
keep it going as a Founder how do you
keep the energy for a serious question
well you know I think it's it's probably
a variety of factors one is I've never
been able to come up with something that
I think would be more exciting to do
than than than software and I'm and I'm
in the very weird category of people
that I think of enterprise software is
actually the most exciting because it's
funny I I I've caught up with you know
various friends on the consumer side and
the Enterprise side and and you know the
consumer is just like 10 times more
stressful because you don't have
recurring Revenue at at any moment like
one single platform change you know can
alter the entire dynamics of your
business model you're you're dealing
with the whims and and the mercy of the
consumer you know kind of the fickle
consumer market and so so I'm like gez
like I I lucked out like this is the
coolest like you have Rec 95% recurring
Revenue every single day I get to talk
to a business in a totally different
industry dealing with you know
completely different you know use cases
so one day you're you're talking to a
media company who's making you know
movies with your software the next day
you're talking to a defense contractor
that's saving the world with your
software so I I I can't imagine
something more exciting to be to be
doing and then you kind of you know this
Force multiplier of you have these
technology transition moments like AI
Cloud before it mobile before mobile
after that that that just make the make
it exciting because you can go and
figure out new problems to solve with
with technology so to me I just I can't
think of something more exciting to be
to be doing yeah maybe it's interesting
that maybe that's an Insight like if you
don't truly enjoy talking to customers
it may drive you nuts over time you
don't get a kick out of it I think Mark
benof still enjoys it from what I can
see right I watch Gard able doing this
for the his 11th his 11th unicorn and he
just loves talking to customer
right I think if you don't get a kick
out of that the grind May wear you down
right yeah I think I think you have to
have a deep passion for for continuously
trying to solve new problems for for for
people and because that that's the
that's the part that will change and
make it interesting and dynamic
otherwise you'd be doing the same thing
every day but I I've almost found that
there's no single day that is exactly
the same of the of new things that we're
coming up with new ideas that we're
running into and and so that that's what
keeps me going yeah do you have you know
I I wrote this up on saster the other
day the Wall Street Journal had an
article I don't know if you saw it that
employee employees especially in Tech
have the lowest satisfaction on record
certainly the lowest since 2020 bambo HR
helped them do the survey have you
thought about we talked about you but
you how do you how do you energize the
troops in this era have you changed
anything are there things you can do to
make when when people are they've
yo-yoed so many times over the last few
years any insights on how to inspire the
troops more these days
well I I didn't see that report but I I
guess my my guess would be that's a sort
of a relative measurement off of like
all-time highs relative to other
Industries and and so I I you know I I I
definitely don't want to you know
diminish the psychological impact of
things like layoffs and and and whatnot
these are these are very real problems
that that do have a massive impact on on
people and families and and and and you
know just life decision so so you know
sort of if you kind of compartmentalize
that component for a second and and so
everything I'm saying sort of is is sort
of independent of that I mean I don't
think you could have a better job on the
planet than than being in the software
industry me Nei I don't know why
everyone's so grouchy yeah exactly like
we get to we get to literally go to our
computers and work with other people and
design new ideas and go and and you know
talk to customers everywhere come up
with new marketing ideas like we're not
like this is like not like like
particularly like hard you know work of
of of you know like 90% of the jobs that
I see I I like most jobs I I inter
interact with as a as more on the
consumer side I'm like wow like the
energy level you still have after you
know day you know 3,000 of doing you
know what you're doing is like is is you
know incredibly inspiring relative to
how I think on a relative basis easy our
jobs are and what we get to do every day
so I I don't know I just like I think
people just need to like just grow up or
something so maybe I don't have the
answer yeah I was in a I mean it's not a
fun story but I was in a pet ER not
recently recently and the the the the
amount of work they had to do imagine
working in an ER a 10 hour and they're
working 10 12 hour shifts they were
working harder in one hour then honestly
I think I work the whole day for sure
exhausting exhausting yeah I stress yeah
the the fact that that the the people
delivering my FedEx and UPS boxes are
are you know extremely happy is is just
amazing and I think a testament to
something so well no magic answers here
I would give up after probably two days
of of that kind of work so just one more
on the people side so you've got a new
coo it sounds like right yes yeah what
what did you what and how are you
changing how you divide things up what
did you learn through that hiring
process yeah so we've had this is our
third coo in in 14 15 years okay and and
we' basically I might have the the
numbers Wrong by a year or two but but
basically I've found that having a kind
of so I have my co-founder Dylan who who
basically handles all of the GNA
functions of the business so Finance
legal it he's a bit of a CO over the
years too right yeah yeah well like
basically it's a coin toss if you looked
at like historically you know he's
almost like historical you know sort of
definition of the you know kind of those
back office operations yeah so that
helps me a ton because he's just like
keeping the business humming and you
know he's obviously my my thought
partner on all business strategy stuff
and and building the company and so it's
great because I just know like all of
that is taken care of the the other part
of of the business that I need a lot of
help with and and equally getting kind
of taken care of is is just all of the
go to market operations so customer
success marketing all of the
international Goos sales Consulting all
of that and so and then that lets me
spend my time in the area that that I
get most excited about and why I wanted
to do software in the first place is
product and and engineering and and that
space so so we've had now this our third
coo and basically the pattern is is sort
of somebody that can help take box to
the next stage of growth at each you
know kind of commensurate point where
where that that person's experience is
very relevant in in driving the next the
next stage of growth and so you know we
had our original coo that took us to 500
million in Revenue did a fantastic job
of that then we had a COO step who took
us from 500 million to a billion she's
now retiring and now we're we're lucky
to have Olivia who has you know equally
seen kind of multibillion dollar
software scale you know most
specifically Google cloud and and now
she's you know her she's now chartered
with the the project of take us from one
to two billion and Beyond obviously and
that just helps me you know kind of keep
everything organized so I can go focus
on on what are we building where are we
kind of taking the core product and the
strategy overall that's I get it and so
she she's coo and also in a way
president go to market or field like
other people would have is yeah I think
I think you could call it you know
president field field operations we call
it co just because it it is you know
very equally operational there's an
element of of kind of Corp you know
company strategy in there and that's
just worked well for us from a titling
standpoint just curious do she I know
it's new does she give you any sort of
quota for how many customers a month she
wants you to meet with or big deals to
bring you in how does she how did has
she figured out how to manage your
customer time uh we at least as of this
recording we're we're only 3 weeks in so
I don't think she hasn't put she hasn't
locked you down to a quota yet she
hasn't given me nbos at yet but that
will that will happen I'm sure
eventually as as it has in Prior
relationships so right now it's a little
bit the reverse where we we're we're
giving her mvos got it got it okay next
thing I wanted to get that that's that
that's super great learning one one per
every five years I'm going to take away
from that I wanted to get your thoughts
on Opera margins and efficiency right I
mean boy it's like the I mean I know
you've been thinking about this a long
time but this is the theme of this year
right and I think I might have this
wrong and our timing might be wrong when
this gets out but your operating margins
are pretty impressive now right I think
I might get it wrong I think they're
like 25% or something like that yeah
basically 20 yeah and and Benny off just
said they're gonna be 30 next year right
so qu maybe one high level question what
have you learned through this journey
right I mean we all want to invest more
in growth if we could right if we if
there were no if there were no goals
here but we're P you know we're we're at
a billion plus an AR what have you
learned at a meta level around all this
yeah I think I I've and then you know to
the introductory comment around is SAS
misunderstood or not I think the part
where SAS itself misunderstood itself
was was slightly losing sight of the
core just fundamentals of of literally
how the market works and what the market
pays for and at the at the sort of
final you know kind of the terminal
point of of your business it's it's to
produce a certain amount of cash that
goes back to investors like if you just
like why would you give a dollar to
something is because you want cash back
at some point like Beyond and and the
equity appreciation is only meant to
effectively approximate what that cash
back do to the final investor is
supposed to be yeah so so so if you
think about it like then at some point
you have to show the market what what is
that to of you know cash return that
your business can produce and and I
think that there's on one hand there's
an there's a very clear and good
argument which is which is get the the
revenue to the largest number humanly
possible because at some point if you're
doing a good software business it should
be 80% gross margin it should be you you
should have some efficiency in sales
marketing all these things and then you
should be producing 20 30 40% operating
margin and then that and that that
profile is like you you can kind of like
freeze that template and then everybody
can kind of understand that's how much
cash is this business is going to
produce so then you want the largest
revenue number possible um because
that's just more cash so so like that's
that's when everything is going well uh
I think what we're finding though is
that not all businesses uh either look
the same or are created equal or have
the same gross margin or or uh have the
same customer economics and so not all
businesses are are have proven that that
is sort of their terminal State and so
investors I think got a a little bit
weary of like well when when do I get to
see the returns when do I get to see the
what your actual cash flow is and it's
not enough to just keep telling me that
that's a that's going to be in five or
10 years from now I want to understand
you know can you guys can your company
do that and can you generate those
returns so that was the transition we
basically went through in the past
couple of years which is if you're
growing 100% a year but you're losing
150% or 100% or even 50% then then you
haven't really proven do you have like a
a kind of a fun Al economically viable
sort of you know platform you know
franchise and and and then there's one
other thing which is like at some point
your Market has certain growth headwinds
that just cause your growth to slow down
and and then there's some efficacy you
know sort of loss where you're just
spending too much to acquire customers
or you're just you're just pushing a
rock up a hill in a in a market
environment and so that's also a sort of
a you know a nod to then it's worth
getting more efficient in that in those
kinds of moments so I think I think we
just happen to go through that
transition a little bit earlier probably
than than other SAS companies largely
because because I think at each point we
had to go through a transition earlier
because we got started earlier like we
we started in 2005 instead of 2010 we
went we ipoed uh in 2015 instead of
instead of 2020 so so like everything I
think for us has just been we've just
we've just been a few years ahead simply
because of of the The Arc of our of our
of our you know history so I think this
is I think you know maybe with a growth
rate I I'd like to have a much higher
growth rate to be clear clear but but
plus or minus 5% on the growth rate I
think we look like probably what most
companies are going to have to look like
at some point which is you're probably
growing teens you're probably generating
30 plus perc operating margin this is
sort of the historical Norm for software
companies and you should get as many
years of 50 to 100% growth as humanly
possible but at some point that that's G
to end and then you have to transition
to a more sustainable long-term model
and you know oracle did it and Adobe did
it and Autodesk did
and and these are these are just
insanely successful you know
organizations that that we all would you
know certainly strive to look like at
some point yeah I wish when I I I was I
was too immature in my SAS learnings
when I was at do I wish I'd had the
ability to understand what it looked
like to work at a company where 50 cents
of every dollar that comes in is kept as
cash like I just I just couldn't
appreciate it at the time I didn't I
didn't understand it but now I see it's
magical but but it just changes a lot of
the things that frankly frustrated me at
Adobe now I realize with a little
maturity makes sense right when at 50
cents is is staying in your pocket right
before yeah and I think I mean if you
look at just like as a great case study
of of just like stock you know
appreciation and capital allocation like
look at Oracle in the past you know two
decades I mean it's just an it's an
incredible story and and like Larry
somehow has become worth like five times
more because they just he owns he owns
even more of the company today than he
did because he just they just keep
buying back the company year and it's
it's an incredible magical machine now
now the the key the override to all of
this is you shouldn't trade off like
very clear and obvious Market
opportunity or product strategy for for
this and so so where companies obviously
go wrong is is if you over rotate you're
you're sort of just taking your cash
cows and and you're exploiting those and
you don't do the the next growth
businesses and you know to your point
about Adobe I'd say shotu is is world
class on on you know sort of take
advantage of the cash cow but still
still make sure you're in growth markets
and buying your way or building your way
into those markets and I mean that is
that's a case study that we should all
you know you know again aspire to look
like over time it's it's incredible one
the last decade right it's incredible
one do you think on this just at a
higher level the sales sales and
marketing efficiency today where we've
all gotten to including box right and I
know maybe this is an obvious question
but it might shock people uh that that
listen or watch is this the world we're
going to be in Forever this world where
everyone's just got to be more efficient
than we've been in years it puts
pressure on sales comp it puts pressure
on marketing budgets or you think things
will re reflate a little bit across
across Asen Cloud I think I I think it
would be it would be healthy if they
didn't reflate too much I think it would
be healthy if if they looked like when
you and I were were doing this and it
was like you know you were you were
trying to get a 6 to 8X multiple like
that was that was fantastic like and and
like the only problem with the the the
market is just like the moment that the
market sees something that's growing 50
or 100% they just they get they get
overly excited and they instantly Jack
it up to 15x you know multiple or 20x
multiple and and in in some sense it
makes sense because you're you're just
if you can just you know extrapolate out
two extra years then maybe you're
willing to pay that extra dollar for
that company than than the other than
the other investor is um but ultimately
when you do that indiscriminately across
categories and across software companies
you get you get these bubble Dynamics
and I think I think where Wall Street
kind of got it wrong is is they were
treating literally all software the same
again in indiscriminate of of what's the
gross margin what's the what is the you
know contract value size what is the
renewal rate of that company is are they
doing five or 10 year deals or are they
on monthly billing and like all these
things end up sort of compounding over
time one way or another where service
now should not be valued at the at at
the same multiple of a company that is
much less gross margin much much smaller
deal size but that's what the market was
doing and so you can reward the extreme
outliers all SES now but but you don't
want that to kind of cascade into
everything in in the way that was
happening I think previously you you do
want it to be kind of just healthy to be
at a six or 8X Revenue multiple and I
make up I'm making up those numbers but
like but that you know that tends to be
a safe range if you assume the company's
going to get 20 30 40% operating margin
grow at a you know 10 to 20% Revenue
rate like that that actually the DCF on
that you know sort of works out yeah
what I think folks a lot of folks are
struggling with maybe that are uh a
little bit a little bit lower on the org
chart or or even at the top in many ways
is we but we just got used to running
companies a certain way yeah our team
sizes would be in a certain way our our
quotas would relate to bookings a
certain way and it wasn't eight six
months of craziness maybe it was 18
months of craziness preceded by 18
months of goodness like 2018 2019 were
pretty good they were good before before
20 March 2020 was pretty good and then
it was nutso in many cases so we're like
four years of good times for for for an
AE at box right or a CSM right and I
think people are the six what you're
saying at a high level makes sense but I
think the human capital is struggling to
to readjust right then we went through
this this this these tougher times and
gets into war mode and and you know the
CEO comes in and says hey guys we've got
a we've gotten tight in the belts and
everyone kind of in the short terms cool
with that yeah but I think people want
to go back to 2018 and
2019 yeah well ju just for pure
posterity of of you know the transcript
I would actually say we we've been in a
different category than most other
companies because because we went
through an activist battle you know
early you were early to that too yeah so
like like even the nutso times we didn't
experience the nutso kind of craziness
because we were already working on
efficiency we were already working on
those things so so as things have kind
of come down to earth in the past 18
months for us actually the the average
you know person internally at box has
not experienced the the kind of
deflation of the nutso period because
because we we've been just running this
this
efficient and like if you even mean you
know this is not the best proxy for it
but our stock is basically traded
between you know 24 bucks and 30 bucks
during this whole time so so so it it
neither got you know the hyper the hyper
accelerant that a lot of companies had
but nor did it have the kind of roller
coaster plummet and so so just just for
purely the for for the accuracy of that
but I think for everybody else I think
it would be a lot healthier if we don't
go back to the past two years I think it
I think it' be better if we if we sort
of got to a new normal where where
things were kind of grounded in reality
we you know like like you do have to
build a profitable business that means
you have to make you know very
intentional decisions on what you're
investing in and and think about
efficiency and and it's it's sort of you
know sometimes during the transition
period it's it's sort of hard to
appreciate this I personally think it's
it's probably more fun this way because
the puzzle the puzzle is more
intellectually interesting because it is
a puzzle it's a puzzle because if you if
I give you unlimited money and I say
grow it's like well okay I can just
spray money in any direction and there's
not that much sort of you know
intellectual work going on it's just
hiring yeah exactly just like hire as
many people see what happens and I think
it's I think it's more fun puzzle to say
if you had to build a really profitable
business and you but you also had to
grow what are how are you going to
square that math and and I think it
makes I think it makes it a much more
interesting thing and then by the way
it's literally what 97% of the rest of
the economy has to do so like I know so
like like this is just how the real
world works for everybody else in the
planet I enjoy the puzzle it is it's a
good it is a puzzle right and I enjoy it
too but I just worry that 98% of
knowledge workers or Tech workers have
spent 5 years not in a puzzingo world
and I worry that it's too long like and
that people don't want to live in a even
if they did a box as as a group as a
community that people don't want to live
in a puzzle solving some of us do you
and I enjoy it and others enjoy it but I
don't think 95% of tech workers want to
be in a puzzle solving world I think
it's just an existential issue today no
totally but I think also 90% of tech
workers want to work at companies that
are viable and sustainable and don't go
out of business because your last
funding round you know no I know what
they want at all we want it
all all right so let's talk about before
we run of time let's talk about what's
new at box
so what at a product level either
something coming down the pike that
you've announced right that so it's good
enough to talk about or that's come out
this year what what gets you most
excited when you're on the road when
you're talking with customers what are
you what are you most passionate about
yeah so I I I hate to you know be the
cliche but I would say that I would say
that for our business specifically the
the promise and I I say promise separate
from you know today we're still very
early but the promise of what AI can do
with your unstructured data to me is
very exciting so I think it's real it's
already like changing legal overnight
totally totally it's exem I think that
the things that I need on the vendor for
our software is I need I need cost to go
down I need I need sort of quality and
accuracy to go up but it's those two but
but you can see a trajectory where
that's happening and as that continues
to happen we get very excited because we
have you know literally hundreds of
pedabytes of unstructured data and
what's inside of all that data is is
just mounds and mounds of text and it's
contracts it's marketing assets it's
Financial research it's it's you know HR
documents it's invoices and so if you
just sort of close your eyes and you say
okay you have a super intelligent AI
that can do anything with that data yeah
all of a sudden now I as a human have
you know 100x more leverage in what I'm
what I'm doing with my information
and so that that to me is a gold mine of
opportunity that we're really excited
about and we're in the various early
stages we we've announced box aai box AI
basically connects you to any AI model
starting with open Ai and we're just now
literally you know in the month of
November our beta opened up for our our
customers on that yeah and the cost
thing is interesting because boy I
wonder how many just documents a midsize
box customer has a lot right so we're
box has got to be more cost sensitive
here than some of vendors it look I
think you said something like for the AI
product there's a certain amount you can
use up to a budget and then there's
variable cost beyond that is that
temporary is that forever what have you
what have you learned on the cost side I
you know I'll arrogantly say I think we
came up with the most clever model I've
seen in in AI so basically your your
normal choice is you either you either
tell the customer you have to pay us for
the AI thing and then you buy the
separate thing and the problem with that
is then you only have a certain percent
of your customers adopting it they have
to to figure out like well Sally is
going to use it more than Bob is going
to use it so why would I pay the same
fee for both of them it's like it's it's
a lot of friction in the sales motion
and then there's a lot of testing a lot
of PC's people only have budget for a
few AI things right now so we didn't
like that model the alternative models
you just say hey we're just going to
embed AI into everything and then you're
like well shoot now my costs just
explode and and and also equally you
have this like you know disadvantage
which is the power user is being
subsidized by the non-power user
which you know has in and and I'm find
to do that in most areas but an AI that
has a crazy power law Dynamic where it
could be very expensive you know in the
in the power user use case so we we came
up with a model which said okay let's
solve this by saying you get a certain
amount of allocation for each user to
use AI so Sally and Bob get to use it
the same amount but if Sally decides
like she's gonna power some crazy
workflow with this thing then then the
customer has to pay sort of for the
volume of that after that after that
sort of allotment and we think that best
balances a CIO who saysi want to give AI
to all my employees I don't yet know
where the the most most Advance things
are going to be emerging from I want to
be able to experiment and not be have
any friction in that process but if I go
overboard with with with some group you
know I understand that I'm gonna have to
pay for that and that that has landed
extremely well with customers we've
gotten great feedback and we're g to you
know fully exploit that where I get a
little confused with the Gartner stuff
and some of the public companies is
there any AI budget for cios are you
able to tap into a different budget for
box that's a little bit of extra money
for AI it's a it's a great this is this
is the this is the one part that I fear
for SAS is we we haven't figured out yet
where the new money is coming from yeah
I'm confused so so if you just like
there is no like there's no AI budget
per se when I when I and when I
reference that it's sort of like there's
every everybody has like just some
discretionary dollars for you know some
R&D or innovation thing and so that's
that's probably right now the totality
of the kind of quote unquote AI budget
and and you should be like I'm making up
a number but like we should we should as
a software industry not expect that to
be more than like one to 10% of an it
you know person's budget right it's like
that's mine was five as a VP at Adobe I
had a I had a 400k discretionary SL
budget right perfect perfect so that's
that's like that's the kind of level
that we should be thinking about at
other than that that's where it's coming
from you think though this the these
vendors that are getting at the
application Level you think it's coming
out of that budget the discretionary
budget right if with one with one you
know kind of caveat which is if you can
find a way to reduce Opex then and but I
just think we're quite early on that
part of the story I think our are the
only major use cases that we're seeing
are probably call centers and these kind
of contact center is the explosion there
automate but it's got to be real
automation right getting rid of humans
getting rid of humans prove out the the
you have to prove it out and or you have
to make the human you 30% more
productive so your next 10 hires are are
you know you're doing seven hires
instead of of 10 so so the but I think
we're just I think we're quite early I
think the the one risk that we as an
industry have is we're probably
overloading the customer with with you
know a thousand pitches
thatches that all are the AI of X and
the customer is sort of just ah like I'm
I'm really exhausted and so actually
this is sort of part of our our this is
part of our theory on our price in model
is is let's let's create an instant win
for the customer by just saying box has
Ai and it like in like you know if we
were to start box over from scratch in
2023 AI would not be an add-on
capability of box it would be it' be the
founding story of the company so so we
wanted to kind of almost embody you know
that that kind of strategy in in our
pricing model yeah I mean boxes I I mean
I'm only you know a a small user and and
but watching the company for 18 years
not 20 but the part of the challenge is
obviously what are we going to do with
this unstructed slightly structured data
it's tagged but massive ingesting
massive amounts of data that has a
little bit of light structure to it it
has titles and search and now you it's
remaking the company probably in some
ways right where you can finally do more
than text based search across this data
right yeah that that's right so we we we
just we we locked out we have we've been
building a product for about three years
we just announced it called box hubs
and what what box hubs does is you know
traditionally you have your content
organized in folders and you share those
folders with people that you want to
work with hubs creates a presentation
layer where I can say I want content
from all these different folders to sort
of be presented in in this way to some
audience so your sales team will have a
sales portal your employees will have an
HR portal your your marketing you know
all your employees will have access to
Brand assets via marketing portal so
that's hubs we we've been building that
for three years
and all of a sudden you know a year ago
you know the llm explosion happened and
we said wait a second this is sort of
the perfect scenario now where the the
the customer is telling us what is their
most authoritative set of content by
Topic in a hub and you bring an llm to
that and now all of a sudden you can
actually start to do more kind of
question answer based you know tree like
working through your data where you go
to the sales portal and you say what's
the price of this product and it's going
to just give you an answer instead of
saying here's the file that might
contain the answer so we think that's
that's a pretty big breakthrough in
Knowledge Management and and how you
kind of work with information and so
that's pretty interesting right there on
the on the AI stuff are you seeing any
early other patterns of like killer use
cases or killer micro apps or things
that are breaking out yeah I mean for us
Mo most of the well you know for box
specifically most of the time it's it's
sort of I have you know n n set of
documents maybe a million invoices or
contracts can you apply AI this to
process them all extract data from them
let me query that let me build
dashboards on it give me insights and so
you can just imagine we're working on
all that basically yeah cool so that
that that right there it's it's great is
is the future it's there no AI fatigue
at box anything else over the next 12
months just to close it out that's new
that's coming that customers should be
excited about industry Partners anything
I mean that's a lot right there you've
already described but anything new
coming down the bike yeah I mean on the
on the pur side I think the message I
would have is just we're we as always
you know are focus on being as
interoperable as humanly possible so we
we believe in a world where customers
are going to have you know hundreds of
of software vendors that do lots of
different things we we humbly want to
just be the the place where they manage
their content connected up to that
software so you know we we believe
deeply in the ecosystem and and so
you're just going to see more and more
features we build that support the
ecosystem more that we're doing on the
interoperability front AI creates
another Vector because because we've
built box AI as an extraction layer if a
customer comes and says hey I've got
some AI model from Mosaic that that is
trained on my data we want to just like
point to that AI model and and so we
think there's a huge new kind of era of
partnering that we're going to do within
the AI you know space cool all right my
friend thank you for all the time
actually I learned a lot and it's good
quick crystal ball 2024 to 2023 better
worse the same how's the macro and
everything for assassin Cloud next year
where do you give it the over under
versus this year I I I would say 20 24
2024 has to be way better and just like
for like a lot of reasons but and you
know I don't I I don't even know that I
would like I don't necessarily see like
what is the crazy new Tailwind in the
economy but but I but it's very clear
that the the the change in headwinds is
is a positive direction so so if you
just if you just say you know you know
this moment for the next year uh versus
exactly a year ago and snapping the line
on on that moment you know for 12 months
this is obviously a way better you know
environment to be in just because like
you know it's not like every headline is
now about a an upcoming recession or
more layoffs like we we've sort of
turned the corner on that and so even if
this was just the normalized economy at
this moment I that would be a better
better thing for everybody than than
exactly a year ago and do you think
that's a good answer right there but
just at more Tac level do you think all
this and maybe you can speak about a
boxer just General do you think a lot of
these issues around seat contraction and
and relentlessly trying to cut the
budget are we behind that you can't do
that forever you can't cut seats and and
manage the budget forever right well
what I that's sort of maybe the that's
the point you're getting at right that's
sort of the point is like the
contraction period I I I mean you never
want to call the bottom but it feels
like we're lapping the contraction
period that's different from we're going
to enter a growth period yeah I just
think we we have we have more
information that we can now work with to
say okay if this is the if this is the
new normal for a while then you know how
did the you know how does everything
kind of play out and I think that's a
way better environment to be in than
when it was just headwind after headwind
after headwind you know that we were
seeing all right good insights thanks
again eron this was so great all right
see you man